Remove values lower or greater than values np array
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/55806118/remove-elements-from-numpy-array-smaller-than-1

Create a numpy array with a range of values
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41300706/create-an-array-with-varying-increment-in-python

Generate numpy arrays with random, normal, etc values
https://chrisalbon.com/python/basics/generating_random_numbers_with_numpy/
https://docs.scipy.org/doc/numpy-1.15.0/reference/generated/numpy.random.uniform.html

Plotting Histograms
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51473993/plot-an-histogram-with-y-axis-as-percentage-using-funcformatter
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/33203645/how-to-plot-a-histogram-using-matplotlib-in-python-with-a-list-of-data
https://matplotlib.org/3.1.0/gallery/statistics/hist.html
https://matplotlib.org/3.2.2/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.pyplot.hist.html
https://matplotlib.org/3.2.2/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.pyplot.hist2d.html#matplotlib.pyplot.hist2d

Numpy sort array
https://numpy.org/doc/stable/reference/generated/numpy.sort.html

Numpy Array
https://numpy.org/doc/stable/reference/generated/numpy.array.html

PDF
https://www.mathworks.com/help/stats/prob.normaldistribution.pdf.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12412895/calculate-probability-in-normal-distribution-given-mean-std-in-python
https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/tutorial/stats.html
https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/generated/scipy.stats.norm.html

Plotting normal curve
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10138085/python-plot-normal-distribution

Contour Plots
https://alex.miller.im/posts/contour-plots-in-python-matplotlib-x-y-z/
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39727040/matplotlib-2d-plot-from-x-y-z-values
https://jakevdp.github.io/PythonDataScienceHandbook/04.04-density-and-contour-plots.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/51891538/create-a-surface-plot-of-xyz-altitude-data-in-python
https://problemsolvingwithpython.com/06-Plotting-with-Matplotlib/06.14-Contour-Plots/
Best - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/39727040/matplotlib-2d-plot-from-x-y-z-values
https://matplotlib.org/3.1.3/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.pyplot.contour.html

Matplotlib Color Bar
https://matplotlib.org/3.1.1/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.pyplot.colorbar.html
https://matplotlib.org/3.2.2/tutorials/colors/colormaps.html

Numpy index of max val
https://numpy.org/doc/stable/reference/generated/numpy.argmax.html

K-Means Clustering
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4b5d3muPQmA
https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.cluster.KMeans.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/28416408/scikit-learn-how-to-run-kmeans-on-a-one-dimensional-array

Closest number in array
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-find-closest-number-to-k-in-given-list/

Matplotlib Bar Graph
https://matplotlib.org/3.3.0/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.pyplot.bar.html

Python Count item in List
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-count-occurrences-element-list/

IQR
https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/generated/scipy.stats.iqr.html

Clustering Methods
*** https://towardsdatascience.com/the-5-clustering-algorithms-data-scientists-need-to-know-a36d136ef68
https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/blog/2016/11/an-introduction-to-clustering-and-different-methods-of-clustering/
*** https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/clustering.html

Spectral Clustering
https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.cluster.SpectralClustering.html#sklearn.cluster.SpectralClustering
https://towardsdatascience.com/spectral-clustering-aba2640c0d5b
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxsDKhZHDcc

Agglomerative Clustering
https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.cluster.AgglomerativeClustering.html#sklearn.cluster.AgglomerativeClustering
https://www.datanovia.com/en/lessons/agglomerative-hierarchical-clustering/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XJ3194AmH40

AffinityPropagation
https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.cluster.AffinityPropagation.html#sklearn.cluster.AffinityPropagation

DBSCAN
https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.cluster.DBSCAN.html#sklearn.cluster.DBSCAN
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/DBSCAN
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKRUfsc8zp4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jl9KkmgDIw

OPTICS
https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.cluster.OPTICS.html#sklearn.cluster.OPTICS
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OPTICS_algorithm#:~:text=Ordering%20points%20to%20identify%20the,based%20clusters%20in%20spatial%20data.&text=Additionally%2C%20a%20special%20distance%20is,belong%20to%20the%20same%20cluster.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCnsmjwV3BE

Birch
https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.cluster.Birch.html#sklearn.cluster.Birch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-tXRWfoGJc

K Medoids
https://scikit-learn-extra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/generated/sklearn_extra.cluster.KMedoids.html

Largest Rectangular Area in a Histogram
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/largest-rectangle-under-histogram/

Maximum size rectangle binary sub-matrix with all 1s
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/maximum-size-rectangle-binary-sub-matrix-1s/

How to get the second-to-last element of a list in Python?
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/How-to-get-the-second-to-last-element-of-a-list-in-Python

Detect if a NumPy array contains at least one non-numeric value?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/911871/detect-if-a-numpy-array-contains-at-least-one-non-numeric-value

How to access the ith column of a NumPy multidimensional array?
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4455076/how-to-access-the-ith-column-of-a-numpy-multidimensional-array

Rotate numpy array
https://docs.scipy.org/doc/numpy-1.9.2/reference/generated/numpy.rot90.html

How To Replace Nulls
https://towardsdatascience.com/the-tale-of-missing-values-in-python-c96beb0e8a9d
https://jakevdp.github.io/PythonDataScienceHandbook/03.04-missing-values.html
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.interpolate.html
https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/generated/scipy.interpolate.griddata.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37662180/interpolate-missing-values-2d-python

Remove outliers work
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11686720/is-there-a-numpy-builtin-to-reject-outliers-from-a-list

Vectorize function
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8036878/function-of-numpy-array-with-if-statement

CDF Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-QH2vRGKq4k

Color bar max, min, and increments
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/53641644/set-colorbar-range-with-contourf

Matplotlib colors
https://matplotlib.org/stable/gallery/color/named_colors.html
https://matplotlib.org/stable/tutorials/colors/colormaps.html

Matplotlib contour plot specify color bar levels
https://matplotlib.org/stable/api/_as_gen/matplotlib.pyplot.contour.html

Python DataFrames compare multiple columns in a DF
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/27474921/compare-two-columns-using-pandas
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17071871/how-do-i-select-rows-from-a-dataframe-based-on-column-values
https://datatofish.com/if-condition-in-pandas-dataframe/
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43391591/if-else-function-in-pandas-dataframe

Issue with jupyter notebook failing due to DLL import after updating libraries
Solved by adding anaconda and *anaconda root*/Library/bin to path environment variable
https://github.com/jupyter/notebook/issues/4332
https://www.programmersought.com/article/61014432179/
https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/PY-39047
https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda-build/en/latest/install-conda-build.html

Numpy fill array with identical values
https://www.kite.com/python/answers/how-to-fill-a-numpy-array-with-all-identical-values-in-python

Sort dataframe based on index
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.sort_index.html

Adding new column to dataframe
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/adding-new-column-to-existing-dataframe-in-pandas/

Dataframe append
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.append.html

Assign columns ignoring index
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15979339/how-to-assign-columns-while-ignoring-index-alignment

Indexing data dataframes
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/user_guide/indexing.html

Dataframe index
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.index.html

Dataframe rename columns
https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/api/pandas.DataFrame.rename.html

Dataframe set index
http://pytolearn.csd.auth.gr/b4-pandas/40/moddfcols.html

Characters to avoid
https://www.mtu.edu/umc/services/websites/writing/characters-avoid/

Datetime
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/43553222/transform-datetime-in-yyyy-mm-dd-hhmmss-ssssss/43553617

Python does directory exist
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/82831/how-do-i-check-whether-a-file-exists-without-exceptions
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-os-path-isdir-method/#:~:text=os.-,path.,the%20method%20will%20return%20True.
https://docs.python.org/3/library/os.html

Using del to remove items from a list
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/627435/how-to-remove-an-element-from-a-list-by-index

How to use uuid's
https://docs.python.org/3/library/uuid.html

Clustering Metrics
https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/model_evaluation.html
https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/classes.html
https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/classes.html#module-sklearn.metrics.cluster
https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.metrics.calinski_harabasz_score.html#sklearn.metrics.calinski_harabasz_score

Multiple subplots
https://matplotlib.org/devdocs/gallery/subplots_axes_and_figures/subplots_demo.html
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6871201/plot-two-histograms-on-single-chart-with-matplotlib
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/47467077/python-plot-multiple-histograms
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50257509/is-there-maximum-figsize-in-matplotlib

Find last instance of character in string
https://www.w3schools.com/python/ref_string_rfind.asp

Numpy mask null or nonsense values
https://numpy.org/doc/stable/reference/generated/numpy.ma.masked_invalid.html

Interpolation
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/37662180/interpolate-missing-values-2d-python

